Add events ModifyInfoModuleContentEvent, ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent and RenderComponentEvent to event list (#6465)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ApiOverview/Events/Events/Fluid/ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent.rst

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index::
    Events; ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent
..  _ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent:

======================================
ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent
======================================

> he :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Event\ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent` can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
..  versionadded:: 14.1

The :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Event\ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent` can
```

..  include:: /Includes.rst.txt
..  index::
    Events; ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent
..  _ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent:

======================================
ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent
======================================

..  versionadded:: 14.1

The :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Event\ProvideStaticVariablesToComponentEvent` can
be used to inject additional static variables into component templates
(see `Fluid components <https://docs.typo3.org/permalink/t3coreapi:using-fluid-components>`_).
As with the

> :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Event\ModifyComponentDefinitionEvent`, these variables

Reviewer: Can we link ModifyComponentDefinitionEvent to ease the access for the user?

must not have any dependencies on runtime information, as they might be used for
static analysis or IDE auto-completion. The

> :php-short:`\TYPO3\CMS\Fluid\Event\RenderComponentEvent` can be used to add variables

Reviewer: Can we link RenderComponentEvent to ease the access for the user?

with runtime dependencies.

Valid use cases for this event might be:

> *   providing static (!) design tokens (colors, icons, ...) to all components in a collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   providing **static** design tokens (colors, icons, ...) to all components in a collection
```

This has then also accessibility meaning.
